Clarify macOS support policy (#6588)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/supporting/requirements.md

VS Code is supported on the following platforms:

* Windows 10 and 11 (32-bit and 64-bit)

> * macOS versions receiving security fixes from Apple, this typically includes the latest release and the 2 versions before it

Reviewer: How about: 
"macOS versions with Apple security update support. This is typically the latest release and the two previous versions."

Author: Sounds good 👍 

```suggestion
* macOS versions with Apple security update support. This is typically the latest release and the two previous versions.
```
